# Alexa Teacher Model License Agreement
This is a license agreement (“License Agreement”) between the individual or entity that uses any of the Materials as defined below (“you”) and Amazon.com Services LLC or its respective affiliates that make such Materials available under this License Agreement (individually and collectively, “Amazon”). If you copy (including download), use, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works of any of the Materials, you accept and agree to be bound by this License Agreement and represent that you have the authority to bind yourself or the entity you represent to this License Agreement.
### 1.  Definitions
“Materials” means software, code, sample code, templates, libraries, documentation, data, information, model weights, and any other materials made available under this License Agreement.
“Non-Commercial” means not primarily or in substantial part intended for or directed towards obtaining commercial advantage or monetary compensation. 
### 2.  License
Amazon grants you a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to copy, use, reproduce, distribute, and create derivative works of the Materials for Non-Commercial purposes only. 
### 3.  Limitations
You may use the Materials only as expressly authorized by this License Agreement. You may use the Materials, derivative works of the Materials, or any other materials that are derived from or based on the Materials for Non-Commercial purposes only. You may not: (a) circumvent or disable any copy protection, security, or other controls in the Materials; (b) offer or impose any terms on the Materials that alter or are inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement; (c) remove, modify, or obscure any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary or attribution notices on or in any Materials; or (d) direct, encourage, or assist any third party to take any action prohibited by this License Agreement.
### 4.  Attribution
Any publication or research submitted for publication, academic or otherwise, that is based in whole or in part on the Materials or use of the Materials must include a citation to the Materials in accordance with reasonable academic standards. 
### 5.  Distribution
If you distribute any copies of the Materials, you must include with the Materials: (1) a copy of this License Agreement and (2) the following notice: “Alexa Teacher Model is licensed under the Alexa Teacher Model License Agreement, Copyright (c) Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.”
### 6.  Reservation of Rights; Feedback; Derivative Works
The Materials include the intellectual property of Amazon or its licensors. Except for the rights explicitly granted to you in this License Agreement, all right, title, and interest in and to the Materials is reserved and retained by Amazon and its licensors. If you make suggestions, ideas, or other feedback available to Amazon relating to the Materials, Amazon may exercise all rights in such feedback without restriction and without compensating you. 
### 7.  Disclaimers and Limitation on Liability
THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL AMAZON, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING FOR ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST PROFITS OR DATA, COST OF COVER, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION) ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE MATERIALS OR THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF AMAZON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS APPLY EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
### 8.  Compliance with Laws
You will comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, and other requirements of governmental agencies or courts (together, “Laws”) in your use of the Materials, including but not limited to all applicable export, re-export, and import Laws of the United States and other countries. You will not use the Materials in any way that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates Amazon’s rights or the rights of any third party.
### 9.  Termination
If you violate any term of this License Agreement, your rights under this License Agreement will terminate immediately.
### 10. General
If any provision of this License Agreement is held invalid by a court with jurisdiction over the parties to this License Agreement, such provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the remainder of this License Agreement will remain in full force and effect. This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without reference to rules governing choice of laws, and you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in King County, Washington. However, Amazon may seek injunctive (or similar) remedies in any jurisdiction. This License Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous representations, understandings, agreements, or communications between you and Amazon, whether written or verbal, regarding the subject matter of this License Agreement. 
